RHDEVDOCS-5507: Documenting the installation section for builds and b… (#63282)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/ob-installing-builds-with-operator.adoc

// This module is included in the following assembly:
//
// builds/installing-openshift-builds.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="installing-builds-with-operator_{context}"]
= Installing {builds-shortname} by using the Operator

> You can install the {builds-title} Operator from the OperatorHub by using the {product-title} web console. Installing this Operator enables you to install and use build components.

Reviewer: Similar concern here. It would fit better if we have the `product-title` as `Red Hat OpenShift`.

.Procedure
. In the *Administrator* perspective of the web console, navigate to the *Operators* -> *OperatorHub* page.

. Use the *Filter by keyword* box to search for {builds-title} Operator in the catalog. 

. Click the *{builds-title} Operator* tile.

. Read the brief description about the Operator and click *Install*.

. On the *Install Operator* page:

.. The *Installation Mode* is set to *All namespaces on the cluster (default)*. This mode installs the Operator in the default `openshift-operators` namespace to watch and be made available to all namespaces in the cluster.

.. The *Installed Namespace* is set to `openshift-operators` by default.

.. Select *Automatic* for the *Approval Strategy*. This ensures that the future upgrades to the Operator are handled automatically by the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). If you select the *Manual* approval strategy, OLM creates an update request. As a cluster administrator, you must then manually approve the OLM update request to update the Operator to the new version.

> .. The *Update Channel* is set to *v0.11.0* by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. The *Update Channel* is set to *latest* by default.
```
How about adding the details about Update Channel similar to what we have for OpenShift Pipelines in [Procedure](https://docs.openshift.com/container-platform/4.13/cicd/pipelines/installing-pipelines.html#op-installing-pipelines-operator-in-web-console_installing-pipelines) (section 4.c)?

. Use the *Filter by keyword* box to search for {builds-title} Operator in the catalog. 

. Click the *{builds-title} Operator* tile.

. Read the brief description about the Operator and click *Install*.

. On the *Install Operator* page:

.. Check that the *Installation Mode* is set to *All namespaces on the cluster (default)*. This mode installs the Operator in the default `openshift-operators` namespace to watch and be made available to all namespaces in the cluster.

.. Check that the *Installed Namespace* is set to `openshift-operators` by default.

.. Select *Automatic* for the *Approval Strategy*. This ensures that the future upgrades to the Operator are handled automatically by the Operator Lifecycle Manager (OLM). If you select the *Manual* approval strategy, OLM creates an update request. As a cluster administrator, you must then manually approve the OLM update request to update the Operator to the new version.

.. Select an *Update Channel*:

** The *Update Channel* is set to *latest* by default. The latest channel enables installation of the most recent stable version of the {builds-title} Operator. 

> ** To install a specific version of the {builds-title} Operator, cluster administrators can use the corresponding `builds-<version>` channel. For example, to install the {builds-title} Operator version `0.11.0`, you can use the `builds-0.11.0` channel. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** To install a specific version of the {builds-title} Operator, cluster administrators can use the corresponding `openshift-builds-<version>` channel. For example, to install the {builds-title} Operator version `0.11.0`, you can use the `builds-0.11.0` channel. 
```
